Incorporate Jason's docs (#1331)
github/view_component: docs/index.md

<h1>Hello, <%= @name %>!</h1>
```

Which is instantiated and passed to Rails' `#render`:

```erb
<%# app/views/demo/index.html.erb %>
<%= render(MessageComponent.new(name: "World")) %>
```

Returning markup:

```html
<h1>Hello, World!</h1>
```

## Why use ViewComponents?

### TL;DR

ViewComponents work best for templates that are reused or benefit from being tested directly. Partials and templates with significant amounts of embedded Ruby often make good ViewComponents.

> ### Cohesion

Author: ```suggestion
### Single responsibility
```

> Objects lose cohesion when their contents no longer relate to the same end purpose. Rails applications often scatter view-related logic across models, controllers, and helpers, reducing their cohesion.

Author: ```suggestion
Objects become harder to reason about when their contents no longer relate to the same end purpose. Rails applications often scatter view-related logic across models, controllers, and helpers, often diluting their intended responsibilities.
```
